---
layout: post
title: GSoC Week#5 - Midterm Evaluations week
---

2 days completed in Week 5 and its mid-term evaluations!!

Last week coded the ProjectWrapper but still not got the sync thing started.

I updated my sugar and sugar-toolkit-gtk3 repo and found an issue which didn't let an user to invite other users to join an shared activity! Tried ignoring the issue and completed the ProjectWrapper code( taking reference the Physis collabwrapper).

Somehow at the end of the week got the if condition which produced that error! Sam had already solved the half of the issue in his patch before but the patch didn't solve the problem of inviting the user.

I further noticed that activities needed to set max_participants property in activity.info file else max_participants number remained 0 which won't allow user to send invitation for such activity. Sent my patches to activities repo like Physics, Pippy, Write and Chat fixed the issue for now :)

And about issue that has consumed much of my time and energy in this week.<br><br>
The issue is "Could not update /home/broot/.ICEauthority" that means broot(user) is not having permissions to access .ICEauthority file (as per ubuntuforums.org). This error won't allow sugar instance to start!<br><br>
This was produced when I was testing my ProjectWrapper connected to Project.<br>I tried something like 'chmod 777 /home/broot/.ICEauthority' which I thought fixed it for the first time. But later when this issue was reproduced nothing worked! I tried './osbuild clean' to restart the sugar instance and it worked!! But now I had to revert to changes and find what went wrong and how to fix this to sync project among user.

Lot to do this week.